---
title: WCCE - 2018
subtitle: First Workshop on Critical Cybersecurity Education
---

**Flyer**: [WCCE-2018 Flyer](./wcce-2018/CCE-2018-CFP-103017.pdf)

**Date**: February 9th and 10th, 2018

**Location**: <a href="https://www.fiu.edu" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Florida International University</a>, Miami, FL, US

**Eligibility**: Instructors of CS/IT courses with a Cybersecurity or Security component

**Schedule**: [WCCE-2018 Schedule](./wcce-2018/WCCE-2018-Workshop-Schedule.pdf)

**Workshop Focus**:

- Identify the cybersecurity concepts, skills and toolsets that are considered to be critical for a large cross-section of students.
- Develop learning content for the critical cybersecurity knowledge identified.
- Form a learning community that can contribute additional learning materials to a cyberlearning environment (SEP-CyLE) to support pedagogy. (https://stem-cyle.cis.fiu.edu/)

**Benefits**:

- Knowledge of a common core of cybersecurity concepts that undergraduate students should be exposed to.
- Access the cybersecurity learning materials in SEP-CyLE and be able to use the features of SEP-CyLE to support pedagogy.
- Be part of a community that uses and contributes to the development of cybersecurity learning materials.

**Support**:

The workshop is supported in part by a grant from the Florida Center for Cybersecurity (FC2). There are funds to support travel and lodging for a limited number of instructors to attend the workshop from academic institutions in the state of Florida.

**Slides**:

- Introductions - Dr. Peter Clarke (FIU)
  - [Download Slides](./wcce-2018/files/PeterClarke-Intro-WCCE-2018-Friday.pdf)
- A: Keynote Speaker - Dr. Benjamin Scribner (DHS Representative)
  - [Download Slides](./wcce-2018/files/SessionA-Critical_Cybersecurity_Education.pdf)
- B: Identification of Critical Cybersecurity Areas Organization of Work Team - Francisco Ortega (FIU)
  - [Download Slides](./wcce-2018/files/SessionB-WCCE-2018-Friday.pdf)
- C: Introduction to Learning Objects - Peter Clarke (FIU)
  - [Download Slides](./wcce-2018/files/SessionC-PeterClarke-LOs-WCCE-2018-All.pdf)
- E: Introduction to SEP-CyLE - Peter Clarke and Raymond Chang-lau (FIU)
  - [Download Slides](./wcce-2018/files/SessionE-WCCE-InstructorView-020918.pdf)

<hr />

**SELECTED EVENT IMAGES**
